[('Instructional Designer', 'Rs. 5,00,000 lpa', 'Generate innovative instructional strategies for e-learning. Develop course structure and learning specifications. Construct testing strategies for understanding and performance. Address usability issues. Stay updated on e-learning trends. Ensure strategies meet global standards. Prepare design checklists and guidelines. Check for quality assurance.', 'Experience in creating instructional plans and course maps. Experience in using media in instruction. Awareness of instructional design models and familiarity with theories. Strong client consulting skills. Ability to guide clients. Strong meeting facilitation, presentation, and interpersonal skills. Postgrad degree in Education, Instructional Design, Mass Comm or Journalism'), ('Software Quality Engineer', 'Rs. 9,00,000 lpa', 'Design and implement test plans, test cases, and test scripts to ensure software quality. Execute manual and automated testing procedures. Collaborate with teams to identify and resolve issues. Document test results and communicate findings. Stay updated on industry best practices.', "Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, IT, or a related field. Proven experience in software quality assurance. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Knowledge of test automation tools and frameworks. Excellent communication and collaboration skills")]
[('Software Engineer', 'Rs . 8,00,000 lpa', 'Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and improve software applications. Collaborate with teams to define, design, and ship features. Work with data sources and APIs. Unit-test code for robustness. Discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies.', "Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related field. Proven software development experience. Strong problem-solving skills. Experience with web application development, databases, and version control systems")]
[('Instructional Designer', 'Rs. 5,00,000 lpa', 'Generate innovative instructional strategies for e-learning. Develop course structure and learning specifications. Construct testing strategies for understanding and performance. Address usability issues. Stay updated on e-learning trends. Ensure strategies meet global standards. Prepare design checklists and guidelines. Check for quality assurance.', 'Experience in creating instructional plans and course maps. Experience in using media in instruction. Awareness of instructional design models and familiarity with theories. Strong client consulting skills. Ability to guide clients. Strong meeting facilitation, presentation, and interpersonal skills. Postgrad degree in Education, Instructional Design, Mass Comm or Journalism'), ('Software Engineer', 'Rs . 8,00,000 lpa', 'Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and improve software applications. Collaborate with teams to define, design, and ship features. Work with data sources and APIs. Unit-test code for robustness. Discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies.', "Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related field. Proven software development experience. Strong problem-solving skills. Experience with web application development, databases, and version control systems"), ('Software Quality Engineer', 'Rs. 9,00,000 lpa', 'Design and implement test plans, test cases, and test scripts to ensure software quality. Execute manual and automated testing procedures. Collaborate with teams to identify and resolve issues. Document test results 
and communicate findings. Stay updated on industry best practices.', "Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, IT, or a related field. Proven experience in software quality assurance. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Knowledge of test automation tools and frameworks. Excellent communication and collaboration skills")]  